---
title: "Academy Transmisogyny K"
slug: "jc-academy-transmisogyny-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

****

#### Part 1: FW- Academy is Empiricist- Empiricism: Empiricism refers to a metaphysical project that articulates that there is universal truths that have to be uncovered in order to be understood. Specifically, empiricism would articulate that there is a hegemonic way in which the world can be understood, this understanding only comes to be through Western scientific methods. This was a metaphysical project that was universalzed and globalized during the initial settler colonization of the land masses we call the ‘Americas’ and ‘Canada’ as a way to frame indigenous modes of knowledge creation as always already illegitimate and thus justified in being destroyed. - The Academy: The academy, which is defined as not only the actual structures of the university system but also the logics that it forwards is always a project of empiricism. This is due to the fact that the academy positions itself as the universal locus of ‘good’ knowledge and sole location for which people can learn how ‘the world really operates.’ Although to some extent the academy does endorse the production of a plurality of discourses, this is only done through a neoliberal project of indexation. This is still a project of empiricism because it constructs those that are worthy to be taught within the university only once they have ‘proven’ that they are in fact legitimate and ‘educational.’ This reinforces empiricism though the construction that there are transcentral indicators for which things generate education and worthy spaces of study. - Transmisogyny: Empiricism is only transmisogyistic because it locates itself within the project of biologization for which the treatises that dictate what is life or not that biology forwards is justified because it fits into the metaphysical project of empiricism. The conception of universal truth is what frames trans women as ‘abominations’ against nature because we are at discord with the ‘truth’ of Gender. This is transmisogynistic because it reinforces the project of sexing the body in which the vast expression of genital life gets reduced down to the signifiers of penis and vagina, then justifying the injection of gendered subjectivity at birth which defines the root cause of transmisogynistic violence. This means that the university not only structurally reinforces violence against trans women, but in fact is couched within the logics for which renders trans women disposable. - Deconstruction of transmisogyny comes first- Violence: The way in which transmisogyny functions is through coercively assigning us male at birth as a way to collapse their becomings into the coherency assigned by genital signifiers. This serves as the basis for all transmisogynistic violence because it dually frames trans women as ‘monsters’ denying the ‘truth’ of Gender, and imposes a structure in which our life is constantly killed in favor of imprisonment within manhood. - O/w on time and mag: This operates as a form of otherization which outweighs on timeframe and magnitude because it’s constantly going on unders systems of transmisogyny and once life becomes disposable then any atrocity can be justified against it. - Overkill: Independently this outweighs because it is a process of overkill. Transmisogyny seeks not to marginalize trans women but rather to eradicate them from history entirely, to create a project of modernity in which trans women are non-existent in our readings of life processes and organization. This is due to the fact that Gender does not require the other, trans folks, to sustain its power, but rather is a project of disappearance. Marginalization is just one step in the process of complete and total necropolitical overkill. - **ROB: **Vote for the team that best deconstructs transmisogyny#### Part 2: Links- PMC endorses debate as revolutionary- Debate: Debate operates as the academy because it locates participation through discussion within itself as the central place for which the revolution should take place. This is not to say that merely operating within debate utilizes the logic of the academy, but rather framing it as an exceptionally radical space reproduces the empiricist project of uncovering localizable truths. This not only reinforces the violence of the academy that we isolate, but also acts as no solvency for the aff because you reject the material conditions in favor of endless epistemic investigation. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards this through [x]. - PMC reproduces academic hegemony- Semiotic imperialism: Semiotic imperialism refers to the elevation of a singular process of meaning making to the point of truth, to such an extent that all other methods of semiotics get rendered unintelligible and worthy of eradication. This is exactly the project of the academy, for example look to the way in which capituation to the normalization of the English language and specific writing styles become the central logic for which the academy predicates itself off of. Independently, empiricism is always already semiotic imperialism which means that regardless of incremental changes the academy will always reproduce this sort of violence. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards the hegemony of the academic project through [x]. - PMC is empiricist- Truth: Cross apply framework point 1A, empiricism refers to the metaphysical project for first framing the world as containing transcendental truths that can be revealed by the project of scientism or other Western methods of investigation. Thus, empiricism is not merely a philosophy but rather a process of world-making, the creation of the world as containing specific elements and then creating the justifications necessary for which those elements tautologically prove themselves as true. - 1AC: The 1AC is empiricist through [x]. - PMC prioritizes epistemology- Neoliberalism: Cross apply framework point 1B, one of the central process for which the university is able to produce itself through is that of neoliberalism. One of the foundational ways in which neoliberalism reproduces itself is by suturing politics to that of the epistemic, in which merely constructing better forms of knowledge or modifying speech is sufficient to resolve the material conditions for which systems of violence are able to deploy their violence. This process gets bodies to invest within the current paradigms of the status quo because a cruel optimism gets deployed in which we believe that the new epistmes have solved violence why the same material conditions play on. - The 1AC: the 1AC forwards this neoliberal method through [x]. - The Academy: This is exactly the way in which the academy is able to trap radical projects into its own logics as a way to stall true revolutionary organizing that would threaten the security of the academy. For example, look to the way in which classes have adopted the norm of asking everyone's pronouns, but utilizes these speech acts as a justification for still locking trans people out of bathrooms and dorms of their choices or refusing to acknowledge sexual assault against them. Additionally, regardless of the radical production of knowledge on universities, the production of this knowledge is used to justify the settler colonial presence of universities on stolen land. #### Part 3: Impacts- Overkill- Framework: Cross apply framework point 2A, the materiality of the academy produces the central violences against trans woman that produces us in a position in which overkill is not abnormal but rather the constitution logic of how we navigate through the world. - O/W: Cross apply framework point 2B and C, overkill outweighs on two layers. It outweighs on timeframe and magnitude because its otherization, and overkill independently outweighs because it is a project of total eradication. - Transnormativity- Coherency: Empiricism creates conceptions of normativity in which because there is a universal truth, that which becomes known as truth becomes known as the ‘normal’ and everything else not only framed as the ‘abnormal’ but unintelligible. Thus, because all else becomes incoherent to projects of mass culture it creates structural incentives for life to strive and force themselves into that which fits as close as possible to the normal; normativity. - Self Death: This empiricist project of the university produces the conditions in which the only way for trans people to be framed in such a way that they can be included within that which constitutes ‘truth’ they must subscribe to a normative condition of what defines transness. This then means that trans people must wage war against themselves to capitulate to cisnormativity, which causes death of trans subjectivity, or embrace their own subjectivity and then framed out of the project of the university entirely. We must be to be tolerable for cis people to be ‘good students’ or ‘professors’ or face total abjection. - O/W on probability: Self death outweighs on probability because it creates a condition in which one is engaging in constant perpetual violence against themselves simply for existing. This means that regardless of the material conditions for which one is situated within transmisogynistic violence will always be present. - O/W on magnitude: Transnormativity is the system used to construct white trans women like myself or Caitlyn Jenner are thought of as ‘legitimate’ trans patriots but black trans women as always already worthy of genocide by the police. This means that it causes infinite genocide against those that are perpetually locked out of ever acceding to a system of normativity. #### Alt: Vote negative to reject the academy of the PMC and endorse a method of everywhere archives Thesis:** **Everywhere archives refers to a method that locates the creation of meaning as not occuring in a particular place like the university or transcendental body, but rather as perpetually being created by life as it moves around the environments it is situated in. For example, the way in which trans women are constantly producing new meanings for ourselves and our bodies based off our interaction with systems of transmisogyny and other despotic assemblages. The academy no longer produces knowledge, knowledge is no longer separate from life, we create the only meaning that we need from existing and resisting. 

#### Solvency: - Everywhere archives solve- Disarticulation: One of the primary ways in which the university is able to sustain its hegemony over life is through the constant reinforcement of it as the only legitimate location for which knowledge can come to be. It does this through deploy a normativity, and then framing all other forms of knowledge that do not accede to said normativity as worthy of exclusion and eradication. The endorsement of the alt disarticulates this normativity by instead endorsing within a perpetual production of knowledge that destroys the conception of normativity entirely. Seeing as normativity sustains itself through constant repetition disarticulation is key to refuse this process. - Social War: Cross apply framework point 1B, the primary way in which the university reproduces itself is through hegemonic control over the way in which we understand the social and our navigation of it. The alt instead endorses the way in which life, like trans women, exist in opposition to this hegemony and in the process is able to create a counter hegemony that wages for power against that of the university. This process of social war is a prior question to any other action because absent winning the space necessary in the social, the dominant understanding will always code the social and thus will cause terminal no solvency and cause collapse back into the materiality of the status quo. - Solves Aff - No perms- Paradox of tolerance: We have to be intolerant of intolerance, or else we justify the paradox of tolerance in which being tolerant of intolerance allows for fascist ideas like anti-blackness and colonialism to be accepted within society which then destroys tolerance because of their genocidal nature. That means any conceded link is a reason to reject the perm.- Modulation: Cross apply framework point 1B, the university reproduces itself through the neoliberal logic of infinite indexation in which subjectivities become framed as static additive identities to be included at the periphery or normativity of the truth. The perm operates as such logic by attempting to stratify the alternative as something that can be included within the empiricist world of the aff.
