---
title: "Bataille K:"
slug: "jc-bataille-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### Part 1: FW- Productivity- Endless Drive: Sociality is hegemonically predicated on the fascist understandings of productivity, in which life can only be understood as such if it is productive in accomplishing [x]. This collapses difference as something that must be incorporated into the dominant force of coherency or eradicated for its non-conformity. Examples of this can be seen in the attempt to create a figure of the ‘productive worker,’ or the capitalistic system that forwards the accumulation of wealth as the first priority and life as only possible if it is productive in doing so. - Excess: Due to the fact that there will always be difference that is unable to be captured within these projects of productivity, it means that they will always produce excess. ‘Waste’ that is not productive, unrestrained difference that both provides the negative for which coherency needs to survive and a challenge to its very existence. Because of this, that which is positioned as the excess is framed as not productive to politics and thus be purged to secure total capture and coherency. Examples of this are in the mass police killing of trans women of color because they refused to be captured within the figure of transnormativity. - Economic analysis comes first - Economies: Economies refer to the harnessing of energy in order to produce particular results. This operates not only in the utilization of labor, which is fundamentally a expense of energy, but also through the creation of goods. The creation of goods coalesses potential energy into creating an actual result. Capitalism refers to a specific conception of the economy in which energy is harnessed in a strictly productive way, only ever moving in a linear trajectory towards the creation and accumulation of capital. - Prior question to politics: Analysis of economies is always a prior question because the environments for which we are situated in are always a constant process of the dispersal and creation of energy. That means that the economic relation is one that marks the navigation of all activity, and is a prior question to politics because before the political gets mobilized there has to be a field in which that mobilization takes place; the economic. For example, the only way in which the politics of housing, prisons, and medicalization come into specific coherence is through being produced along the screen of capitalistic economic accumulation. - **ROB: **Vote for the team that best deconstructs economies of productivity#### Part 2: Links- PMC forwards logics of productivity- Coherence: Cross apply framework point 1, the logic of productivity is one of coherence in which bodies are constructed as only important in so far as they have the ability to be productive to economies of capital. All other forms of life are framed as waste and just worthy of disposal. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards the logic of productivity through [x]. - Utility - The Enlightenment: Utility describes a philosophy that was created during the Enlightenment and post-Enlightenment as a way of determining what constituted goodness and the guiding principle for action. This was a normative system that was adopted by the majority of Western nation states as the basis for the generation for their governmental systems. This means that independently this link operates as a eurocentrism DA because a formation of politics that centers utility as the central guiding force of decision making is one that prioritizes and centers Western world building. - instrumentalization : Utility is the logic that something is only measured and understood based on its ability to be instrumentalized. In essence, something can only be understood if it is conducive to capitalist economies. This describes the opposite condition of waste, and thus because waste is the excess that needs to be discarded in order to create productivity, utility is created as that which is inscribed with the ‘good’ in order to create another level of justification for the creation of excess. For example, look to the way in which dogs only become worthy of protection if they are indexed into the project of the family, once they become stray they are automatically worthy of death or imprisonment. - 1AC: The 1AC reinforces utility through [x]. - Science of the Economy- Reformism: Utilizing the science of the economy describes the way in which the processes of the economy are one that can be universalizable as ‘natural laws.’ It seeks to project the specific tenants and deployments of capitalism as a science in the sense that they are the ‘inherent’ way in which the world works, and thus their operation is necessary in order to capitulate to such a claim to naturalism. This then works to retroactively justify the violence of the economy, and in the process, justify the sort of reformism that requires perpetual investment within the economic. - 1AC:  The 1AC forwards this specific process of capitalistic sublimation through [x]. #### Part 3: Impacts - Fascism - Ecologies: fascism describes an ecology; a vast form of interconnected systems and forms of life that share one central expression; the eradication of difference and the brining of all matter under a universal signifier. For example, the creation of the body signifier of the productive worker that eradicates the difference of those contained within the frame of always already not productive. This indicates that the process of productivity is one that is always fascistic because it seeks to sublimate all life under a centralized signifier and eradicate the difference created by such a process. - O/W on reversibility: Fascism is a project of centralization which means that it necessitates the eradication of difference because all difference acts as an inherent resistance and roadblock to process of centralization. This means that fascism will always cause unending and infinite violence until the inevitabile outside of fascistic violence is completely eradicated. - Xenophobia- Waste: The creation of waste that is an inevitable part of economies of productivity is the central logic for which xenophobia operates on. Specifically, it demarcates those on the outside of the ‘self’ as the ‘other,’ and because they are not included within the self have to be securitized against at all costs. Under this paradigm, the other is constructed as the ultimate threat to the self and thus must be eradicated in order to secure the future of the self; criminalizing difference as an essential phobic object that has to die. - O/W on timeframe and magnitude: This is a project of otherization which will always outweigh on timeframe and magnitude because it is constantly going on under systems of xenophobia and once life becomes disposable than any atrocity can be justified against them. #### Alt: Vote negative to reject the productive accumulation of the PMC and endorse a method of the Solar Anus**Thesis: **The solar anus describes the justification of the sun as a description of energy, and the anus as that which is traditionally situated as ‘useless.’ It serves to indicate that the production of waste is always at the heart of regimes of energy, and centers that excess as that which should be invested in instead of that as productivity. We endorse this as a method for elucidating revolutionary action rather than the current paradigm of productivity. Examples of this could be organizing anti-work strikes, centering the anti-futurism of trans women in feminist revolutions, or refusing to reproduce antiblack civil society. 

#### Solvency: - Solar Anus solves- Investment: Cross apply framework point 2A, the primary way in which economies of productivity are able to constantly reproduce themselves is by directing energy to constantly invest within productivity. This operates through the capturing of desire to such a degree that not only does it become pleasurable to engage within processes of productivity, but in fact causes great emotional harm if one does not. For example the way in which we are deeply socialized to have incredible anxiety if we are not constantly pruning our social media presence to be one that can be sold or accumulates followers. - Exhaustion: Instead of reproducing this process, we forward a method that endorses the unproductive nature of excess as that which ought illuminate politics. This is key to solve because exhaustion is a refusal to engage in the energy needed to create the binary of productive and not productive and instead intensify the experience of being the burnt out subject of capital. Instead intensify the experience of being excess and wallow in that experience as something that has the powerful potential for formulating revolutionary politics. - Kinship: Productivity creates a paradigm in which the only way to move through life is to be the most productivity possible. This creates a reality in which one is taught to think of themself as a static subjectivity constantly at war with everyone else in order to secure their singular place in the spaces of the economy. The Solar Anus refuses this and instead is able to create kinship networks between the oppressed as they realize their differential excess at the hands of productive society and work towards the liberation of that instead of participation in their own oppression. This is key for survival of marginalized folks which is always a prior question to politics because if the oppressed are not alive they won't be able to participate in your movement. - Alt prior question- Micro and Macro politics:  Micro and Macro politics refer to the two primary planes for which politics not only pass through, but also are articulated within in the first place. Macro politics refer to what has been signified as the start and end of what politics are, the organization of movements, engagement with the state, passing of policy, revolution, etc. Micro politics on the other hand are a question of the way in which semiotic systems, conceptions of desire, and attachments to time and space are created, manipulated, and deployed by particular systems as a way to both cement their power and thus deploy what is inherent to said power.- Micro prior question to macro: Micro politics will always be a prior question to macro politics because the micro is what provides the pathways for which the macro becomes articulated within. For example, while it is true that the macro politics of the USSR were good their attachment to Tsarist settler colonialism meant that it reproduced that colonial violence and fell back into capitalism. Thus, this means that the alt’s micropolitical action is a prior question to any good instantiation of the 1AC’s macropolitical one. - Solves aff- No perms- Paradox of Tolerance: We have to be intolerant of intolerance, or else we justify the paradox of tolerance in which being tolerant of intolerance allows for fascist ideas like anti-blackness and colonialism to be accepted within society which then destroys tolerance because of their genocidal nature. That means any conceded link is a reason to reject the perm.- Incorporation: Cross apply alt point 1A, one of the foundational way economies of productivity are able to reproduce themselves is by justifying constant investment within them. This is the logic of the perm, that we should invest within productivity one more time and thus circuit the entirety of our political projects to centralize utility. This is why complete rejection is key.
