---
title: "Barad Ecology K"
slug: "jc-barad-ecology-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

****

#### Part 1: FW- Life is inorganic - Biologization: The dominant way in which life is conceived is through biologization; trapped within the referents of the organism and the established processes of biology. This conception of life traps it within the organic, that which is alive can only be an organism and can only be organic. Look to the way in which AI is not constructed as ‘life’ but rather technological. - Assemblages:  Quantum physics proves this is an incorrect way to understand life. The particles that make up life are indeterminate, they have no a-priori foundation within a organism but rather are constantly changing based on the relations they form and break away from. This means that life should be understood not as singular but as being produced through assemblages, through the horizontal relationality for which everything is situated in. Thus, instead of understanding life and the artificial, it is the relationality between distinct figures that produces a type of life. - Violence: Conceptualizing life through biologization is fundamentally violent in that it seeks to stabilize the constant becoming that is endemic to life into a singular expression; a being. Instead of expressing life as indeterminate, it constructs it as determinate, it will always be a-priori understandable based off of what genus it has. This operates as form of violent compression in which the possibilities of life are cut off in favor of a singular expression that is molded by the dominant order. Look to the way in which bodily becoming is compressed into Gendered subjectivity through coercively assigning it a gender at birth. -  Conceptions of Life come first- Prior question: Life is a prior question to questions of ontology, epistemology, or ideology because all of those presume that there is something that generates those processes in the first place. For example, it wouldn't make sense to say that Jess and I are a k team if we didn’t exist in the first place. That begs the question of what life is in the first place and what constitutes it, which means that the conceptions that we deploy of life are always a prior question. - Before Politics: Politics do not arise in a vacuum but rather are always situated and deployed based on the conceptions of life that they either implicitly or explicitly endorse. For example, abortion legislation is predicated on whether life is conceptualized as starting at insemination or not. Additionally, gun control policies are based off of if life is something that is fundamentally worthy of individual protection or preemptive protection on the hands of a state. - RC of reactionary violence: All systems of violence that seek to eradicate entire populations are based off of reactionary conceptions of life that construct those targeted by such violence as always already dead. For example, antiblackness is predicated on the framing of blackness as never being framed within life and transphobia is predicated on trans folks being constructed as an abomination on ‘natural life’ as thus worthy of eradication. -  **ROB: **Vote for the team with the best revolutionary conception of life#### Part 2: Links- Biologization of Life - Signifiers: Cross apply framework point 1A, biologization refers to the capture of all life within the signifier of biology and the construction of life as only ever being such if it capitulates to such a signifier. For example, the way in which life only becomes constituted by inclusion within ‘discovered’ species-organisms. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards a biologization of life through [x]. There is a difference between the acknowledgement that this conception of life exists and the endorsement of it as that which does and should exist, that is what the 1AC does. - Culture/Nature dualism- Cartesianism: The conception that there is an inherent different between nature and culture is predicated on the logic of Cartesian dualism in which the world is split up in a multitude of dialectical choices and can only ever be expressed in a determination between two incommersable differences. For example the way in which the development of technology is always framed as the unique possibility of humans because of our ability to generate ‘culture.’ This constructs culture as the domain of humans which is always already outside of nature, and nature as something that always lies on the outside of ‘human society.’ - 1AC: The 1AC forwards this dualism, look to their environment collapse/extinction arguments. They frame the violence that is a result of this as ‘seeping in’ or ‘intruding’ into humans because of the processes that humans have externally imposed upon nature. This establishes nature and culture as two dichotomous positions that instead of always already being bundled up within each out have an insider/outsider relationship. - Prohibits inorganic life: This conception of life is always already violent because it sublimates the production of life under a dualism. This dualism refuses the process for which life is always produced via relationality, by constructing it rather as something that develops in an organic vacuum. For example, this is the way in which race is formulated as a ‘part of nature’ and thus those birthed into racial signifiers of blackness are justified in violence being brought against them because that's what is ‘natural.’ - Humanism- Ontology: Humanism refers to a particular ontology in which life is compressed down to being composite of the ‘human.’ This is always a project of homogeneity because it seeks to reduce the virtual possibilities of the difference of life into the coherence of a being; the human. Humanism always reinforces Gender’s project of sexuality because part in parcel to what conceptualizes a human is the sexing of the body. For example, a fetus only becomes intelligible as a ‘human child’ once it has been coercively assigned a gender and its genitalia have been sexed with a gendered subjectivity. This creates the complete object, genders, for which the logic of sexuality chains desire to always already be oriented towards. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards humanism through [x]. - Violent conception of life: Cross apply framework point 1C, conceptions of life like humanism are always already violent because they destroy the becoming of life by creating a constitutive being for which life will always express itself. This is especially violent in the case of humanism because the presence of the ‘human being’ presumes that there is an outside to the human. That outside is used as a justification for who is and who is not worthy of death. - Individualism- Agency: Individualism constructs life as something that is necessarily atomized and inherently disconnected from its surroundings. For example, an understanding of the debaters in the room as 4 lives in a vacuum rather than constantly impacting each other because of our differential subject positions. Individualism constructs agency as something that arises through some interiorized core rather than being produced through the navigation of a variety to structural forces. - 1AC: the 1AC forwards individualism through [x].- Prohibits inorganic life: Cross apply framework point 2B, inorganic life is fundamentally categorized by its production via assemblage. The intra-active forces that categorize an assemblage are destroyed when life is understood as individualist because instead of co-constitutveness of life being centered, life is formulated as having a determinate form categorized by some a-priori interior state. #### Part 3: Impacts- Ecological Overkill- Determinancy: Framing life as determinate will always frame inorganic life as inherently disposable due to it falling outside of the predetermined form. This then means that those forms of life that exist as difference to determinancy’s project of coherency are constructed as not objects or subjects, merely lifeless mass that is worthy of nothing but eradication. For example, look to the way in which trans folks are framed as ‘aberrations against nature’ thus framed out of both nature and culture, worth nothing but death. - Overkill: This justifies overkill which describes the process for which entire populations and forms of life are constructed in such a way that their eradication is necessary to engage in what ‘life,’ ‘society’ or ‘interaction’ to catalyze into coherency. For example the way in which the securing of white life or white futures is predicated on the eradication of blackness and enslavement of all life to the production of a white ethnostate. - Extinction of possibility: This turns the warming/extinction impacts of the 1AC because it replicates the logic used to destroy indeterminacy. This leads to the complete eradication of possibilities as there is a singular pathway for which life is constructed to exist along. This is extinction magnified to infinity because all of the possibilities of life are constantly killed and replaced with determinacy. - o/w on time and mag: overkill is also a process of otherization which outweighs on timeframe and magnitude because it is constantly going on under systems of oppression and once life becomes disposable then any atrocity can be justified against it. - o/w on reversibility: Overkill creates paradigms of history in which the accumulation of death of differential forms of life is required, and the violence against them is constructed as never legible. This then means that these forms of history will always drive towards these types of violence which means the world of the 1AC requires this sort of violence and its TOD for the alt. #### Alt: Vote neg to reject the PMC’s determinate conception of life and endorse nature as a perpetual wanderingThesis:** **Wandering refers to a conception of life that is not predicated on an interior production of static being, but rather the navigation of realities that want you dead as the catalyst for your creation. Trans women are constantly biohacking our bodies away from a conception of life that seeks to prohibit the constant process of the wandering body, in order to live in a reality that wants to eradicate trans subjectivity. Given that there is no predetermined form for nature, but rather is birthed from the void of potentialities, we endorse this perpetual wandering as the central principle of nature as a method against violent conceptions of life. 

#### Solvency: - Perpetual Wandering Solves- Coherency: Cross apply framework point 1A, the root cause of violent paradigms of life is the formulation of the central expression of life as determinacy. The idea that there is an inherent prescription of how life expresses itself, and because of that prescription will always represent itself in a singular way. This means that any method that does not deconstruct determinacy will never be able to overcome this violence. - Indeterminacy: PW endorses the fact that the ‘self’ is never a process of interior individuation, but rather creation of subjectivity based on navigation between structural realities and the chains of relation that those navigation create. This endorses the fundamental indeterminacy of life through formatting life as not something that exclusively exists prior to its generation within semiotics, but rather as a void that is morphed by such generation. This is especially important when it comes to conceptualizing nature because it dismantles the assumption that there is any prior ‘naturalization’ which is forwarded as one of the fundamental vectors of violence. For example the way in which queers are framed as ‘unnatural.’ - Produces inorganic life: the alt is best able to produce inorganic life because instead of forwarding a subject/object binary as the primary generation of life, thus grounding the body as a static object, the alt is able to forward the body as an assemblage of tools and thus life as arising from constant process of relations and the breaking down of said relations. The alt is the best form of this sort of production because it destabilizes queerness from the coffers of humanism and thus from the way in which it has been utilized by homonationalism as a process of the ascendency of whiteness. - Solves Aff - No perms- Paradox of Tolerance: We have to be intolerant of intolerance, or else we justify the paradox of tolerance in which being tolerant of intolerance allows for fascist ideas like anti-blackness and colonialism to be accepted within society which then destroys tolerance because of their genocidal nature. That means any conceded link is a reason to reject the perm.- Signification: Cross apply framework point 1C, the way in which determinate models of life operates is through a semiotic process of signification; the delineation of meaning as having a singular territorialized meaning. That’s a reason as to why the internal justification for the perm, i.e that the alt becomes signified as a part of the project of the 1AC rather than recognizing the inherent difference that exists among them. This is a reason as to why the perm bites into overkill and thus must be rejected.
