---
title: "Juche Aff"
slug: "jc-juche-aff"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### Part 1: Framework- Juche is a methodological prior question: Juche refers to the Marxist political ideology developed by the DPRK that describes people as the ultimate progenitor of their own ends, i.e. as essentially free, and thus the masses as the fundamental driving force of revolution and social change. Juche necessarily requires self determination, specifically of the entire Korean peninsula because without self determination independence is squashed under the control of another. - First Philosophy: The prior question to any political, epistemological, or ontological question is what is existence, and how does it relate with the world. For example, there is no way to understand [x] if we do not understand the existence for which [x] targets and how it relates to the world. Juche is thus always a prior question because it answers that question by providing existence as something that arrives out of agency and the ability to self determine one's own fate.  - Materialism: Materialism refers to the fact that all life is constructed not on some predetermined principle but rather on the material conditions they are situated within. For example, the understanding that womanhood is not some biologically enshrined identity but a historically contingent structural position. Juche is the internal link to materialism because it centers the fact that subjects are neither solely spiritual or biological beings but rather independent agents crafted by the way in which they interface with the world. - Collectivity: One of the foundational ways in which violence is able to manifest itself is through abstract people away from their foundationally collective habits. Instead of coming together we are taught that we have to be atomized individuals in conflict with every other individual who is always already our enemy. Juche is able to resolve this because it not only highlights an understanding of individualism that refuses its naturalization, but also forwards a form of collectivism in which the self/other dichotomy of otherization is collapsed in favor of the masses. - Comes B4 Rules of Debate: The rules that enshrine the procedural processes that dictate how a debate round plays out assumes that every debater exists in the room in the first place. Absent understanding that question it means we will never understand how we ought act in the first place, or which rules we ought uphold because we don’t know if we exist or not. This means that Juche is a prior question because it answers that question by elaborating that its by our own ability to act freely that we exist. - Deconstruction of imperialism comes first: Imperialism makes Juche impossible because instead of allowing total self determination, it enslaves the material conditions of entire populations to the drive of capital. Independent of this, it causes a mass amount of death and thus rejecting it is always a prior question. - Kills Self Determination: Imperialism refers to the inevitable globalization of the capitalist project in which international nations and/or populations are constructed as worth nothing but their possibility ability to accumulate capital for the domestic. This then causes the domestic to take unilateral action to do whatever is necessary to gain said capital, and in doing so, abborgate the possibility of any sort of self determination that runs against said project making Juche impossible. - Mass Death: Independent of this, imperialism also causes mass death because the bodies of those who reside in that which is being imperialized are constructed as only important in so far as they can facilitate the accumulation of capital. This creates a situation in which they have to engage in their own self death vis a vis assimilation to an imperial project, or death at the hands of the imperial project. This is what justifies the mass amount of ‘collateral damage’ that was killed by the US when invading Iraq. - **ROB: **Vote for the team who best deconstructs imperialism through a methodological implementation of Juche #### Part 2: Harms- Western Imperialism - US Globalization: - Intervention: - Debate: - The Topic#### Part 3: Impacts- Imperialism - Ontological Death#### Part 4: Advocacy: 우리 목소리 갖고 외국인의 언어를 거부 한 것을 인정하라#### Solvency: - Advocacy Solves- Ruptures Imperialism: The advocacy causes disorientation due to the fact that those like myself who don’t speak Korean are forced to confront an otherized perspective and challenge their own orientalist ontology. It creates an affective response that breaks up the continuous saturation of English and reveals the way in which imperialism is able to code our affective engagement with bodies. This is key to deconstruct the central way in which imperialism is able to frame itself as a background force of ‘nature.’ - Survival Strategies: The reading of the advocacy text in round is a survival strategy by colonized individuals to perpetually combating the orientalist narratives that erode their subjectivities, making it an independent voting issue. Additionally, survival strategies for colonized individuals are key to resolve imperialism because one of the foundational ways in which it is able to justify its violence is by framing imperial violence as never legible. Framing the centrality of survival from imperial violence forces us to reconcile with its legibility. - Reading in Debate key: Cross apply harms point 1C, debate is a field of imperial reproduction and utilizes its signification as an ‘academic’ space in order to train new forces of imperial violence. Specifically, the debate space is framed around the normalization of the English language, look to how judging qualifications at tournaments require English fluency. This means that engaging in the uncompromising politics of Juche is always a prior question.- Advocacy best implements Juche- Ontological Affirmation: The advocacy celebrates ontological difference from colonial forces, thus allowing for understanding without relating to western subjectivity. The 1AC does this through affirming the injection of colonized subjectivity vis a vis the plan without screening it through the grid of intelligibility of western linguistic imperialism. The act of recognizing and embracing differences creates ontological affirmation for marginalized individuals. This is the most proximal impact that should be prioritized because this happens within the debate space. - Self determination: The advocacy best allows for self determination because it creates the space for which colonized bodies are able to revel in their ontology without having to conform to western systems of communication. This means that even if there are other possible avenues of self determination the 1AC is a prior question because our advocacy is what opens up the space in the first place. We rupture the presumption that all actions, or advocacies, are only intelligible if they are contained within imperial languages.
