---
title: "Maoism K"
slug: "jc-maoism-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

****

#### Part 1: Framework- Materialism is a methodological prior question: There is no transcendental or predestined form of life, rather life is contoured by the material realities it is situated in. - Life is a prior question: Being alive is a necessary precondition to developing an ideology, individuals cannot develop specific ideologies that govern their life if they are dead and society cannot become a war of ideologies if there is no bodies to populate it. For example, it would be incoherent to say “Chris is a Deleuzoguattarian” if the body signified as Chris never existed. - Materials: Life is not something that inherently exists, rather it is a question of access to the resources that are necessary to exist as such. Things like food, water, and housing are all necessary to sustain what we understand as life in the first place. - Life is produced:  Materials necessary for life are produced, there are markets for housing, water, and food which means that whoever has control over these sites of production has control over life.  In modernity, capitalism has control over the means of production in which govern the global production of goods to feed the capitalist market. Capitalism has control over who lives and who dies. - (against tix affs) Materialism is a prior question to politics: Political actions do not exist in a vacuum, but rather are shaped by the structural realities that they are situated within. For example, gun control is generally talked about as a neutral policy but in reality was crafted by anti-blackness to stop slave revolts and pro black uprisings. This means absent materialism we lack the possibility of revolutionary politics by replicating the status quo. - (against k affs) Materialism is a prior question to epistemology: How we come to conceptions of knowledge is first and foremost constructed based on how we are situated within classes. For example, settler colonial epistemology about the land comes about because of settlers structural position within settler colonialism in which their subject position is crafted and socialized to be defended at all costs. - (against k affs) Materialism is a prior question to ontology: Conceptions of what constitutes being are impossible to come to if they are understood as divorced from their material conditions. This is what leads to an understanding of race as something that is naturalistic instead of being born out of the material structural makeup of the transatlantic slave trade in which black folks were enslaved by the entire world. - Anti-materialist analysis leads to oppression: Absent materialism we understand phenomena as arises out of nature or as teleologically occuring. This internal link turns the aff because it means that regardless of how ideologically nice it sounds, it will always be used to naturalize the oppressive conditions of the status quo. This also triggers presumption for the neg because it means the aff has not met their burden of advocating for something other then the squo. -  Materialism must be dialectical: Dialectics refer to that which requires two antagonistic forces to produce its being. A magnet might be understood as dialectical because it requires a negative and positive charge to operate. Capitalism is dialectical because it requires the creation of the proletariat and the bourgeoisie to function. - Contradiction: Capitalism is fundamentally a contradiction, it requires the creation of the proletariat and the bourgeoisie to set up its relation to the economy in which producers are abstracted from their labor, yet create a class inherently antagonistic against its processes. This can only be understood if capitalism is understood as dialectical because otherwise there is no knowledge of how the contradiction between the two forces comes to arise. - Class: capitalism determines your access to life along a strict dialectic. While there is a variety of smaller technical classes within the broad categories of the proletariat and the bourgeoisie, if you own the means of production then you are worthy of life and if you don’t then you are always justified in being killed and dehumanized.  - Revolutionary failure: Any sort of materialism that is not dialectical will always fail to present any real challenge to the structures of capitalism because it will fail to organize and articulate the specific class that needs to revolt against capitalism. This also independently rejustifies capitalism because instead of seeing society is an organization of different collective classes, it positions it as a collection of atomized individuals. - **ROB:** Vote for the team with the best dialectical materialist method of deconstructing capitalism#### Part 2: Links- UN Action- US foreign policy- Reformism- Neoliberalism  #### Part 3: Impacts- Imperialism- Cross apply fw point 3: Imperialism is an impact multiplier, that means any impact that the Aff extends is only made 10x worse under imperialism. This not only means that the alt controls the IL to resolving the aff, but also that without resolving imperialism the aff has terminal no solvency for their impacts. - Outweighs on timeframe and magnitude: Imperialism is a process of otherization in which those that are being targeted with imperial violence are constructed as the other who are justified in anything that happens to them because they are opposite the self of the imperial nation. This outweighs on timeframe and magnitude cause its constantly going on under regimes of imperialism and once people become disposable then any atrocity can be justified against them. - Outweighs on reversibility: Imperialism causes multiple forms of genocide. Not only does it cause classic understandings of genocide, for example what is currently happening in Yemen as a result of relentless Western imperialism in the Middle East, but also cultural genocide. The establishment of new capitalist governments to serve imperial interests forces people to leave their home out of fear of being killed by the imperial regime and thus become alienated from their own culture and heritage. This outweighs on reversibility because once entire cultures and populations are lost they cannot be recovered or brought back. #### Alt: Vote negative to reject the imperialism of the PMC and endorse a revolutionary method of Protracted People’s War **Thesis: **Protracted People’s War refers to a revolutionary militant strategy in which the oppressed engage in drawn out guerilla war against systems of oppression until they are finally dismantled. Not only does it seek to engage in the tactics necessary to dismantle said systems, violent or non-violent, but do so in order to clear spaces of the formation of new revolutionary organizations, states, and world making. An example of this could be the Zapatistas war against the Mexican government and their eventual liberation of the Chiapas as an autonomous zone of indigenous return. 

#### Solvency: - PPW Solves imperialism- Cathartic Return: capitalism is able to stall revolutionary movements through circuiting oppressed consciousness into the status quo, creating a psychic environment in which the violence of the present is desirable. The revolutionary violence of the alt allows a moment of catharsis for the oppressed by killing their oppressors, creating a space in which future making can be imagined outside of the consciousness of the status quo. This means the ALT controls the IL to solving because any other method collapses back into the politics of the status quo. - Base Building: the imperial state dismantles revolutionary movements through counterterrorism efforts by targeting heads of a movement, and converting or collapsing its leadership to stop it. PPW resolves because it refuses the conception of a static leader for the masses, and creates material support needed to recuperate for losses. This means we resolve your basic “state crushes your movement” arguments. - Empirically proven: This is a preempt to your argument about how this is “not real world” or how “people won’t understand the alt.” This specific strategy was utilized to liberate China, the Chiapas, Rojava, formally FARC controlled Columbia, Algeria, and the New People’s Army in the Philippines. - Internationalism: which is the idea that no one is free until everyone is free, uniting the struggle against imperialism, capitalism, and all systems of domination across the globe. Integral to this is refusing the call to localism, but also understanding the contextual differences in the process of revolution to each material context. - PPW is internationalist: Due to the fact that PPW is a process and not a program, in that it describes the process of guerilla war and not a specific plan that every revolution has to follow, it is necessarily contextual to each specific location it is deployed. In doing so, it recognizes that militants all over the globe are necessarily engaged in wars for their lives against the systems that dominante them and focus on the proximal not as a question of importance, but rather in order to developed effective strategy. - Perm is localism: This also independently takes out the perm, the inclusion of the affirmative means that even if they could be done together it would always result in political localism and thus collapse back into the violence of the status quo. Look to the way in which the inclusion of reactionary members into the Iranian revolution destroyed its originally Marxist-Islamic impulse. - Solves the Aff: [here are just some random warrants that could be used] - PPW key to healthcare: The strategy of PPW used by Cuban revolutionaries, and the resulting state that was created because of it, paved the way for the creation of not only the best healthcare system in the world, but also the best humanitarian healthcare service in the form of Doctors Without Borders. - PPW key to social change: PPW is key in moving reactionary material conditions towards more liberating one's, for example, the militancy of the New People's Army in the Philippines was able to allow for the first ever gay marriage to happen in the Philippines. - PPW key for decolonization: decolonization is not a metaphor, it is the material act of the destruction of systems of colonization and the return of stolen land to its indigenous inhabitants. PPW has been historically key in allowing for this to happen, for example the Zapatistas with the Chiapas and Algeria with all of Algeria. - PPW key for women’s liberation: The long war of the PKK and eventually the YPG against the fascist Turkish state was able to liberate parts of Kurdistan that paved the way for the creation of revolutionary cantons dedicated to women’s liberation and ran by women. - No Perms: - Conscious circuiting: imperialism circuits politics into the status quo by constantly making exceptions in which subjects should invest within the system just one more time. That’s the perm, and thus all the impacts of the K are DA’s to the perm. - Paradox of tolerance: We have to be intolerant of tolerance or else we justify the paradox of tolerance; tolerating intolerance makes tolerance impossible because intolerance is violence towards tolerance. You would never include Nazi’s in a pro-Jewish revolution and likewise you would never include imperialists in a anti-imperial revolution. This means all won links are reasons to reject the perm.
