---
title: "Racial Positionality Aff"
slug: "jc-racial-positionality-aff"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### Part 1: Neoliberalism- Control Societies- Neoliberalism: Neoliberalism refers to the material change in relations of Fordist capitalism to post-Fordist capitalism after world war 2. It specifically articulates the way in which sites of capital accumulation have transitioned from states to increased privatization and the subsequent privatization of all forms of life. This transforms anything into a potential market for capital accumulation, and subjectivity gets reconstructed as instead of being sublimated to work as work itself. For example, look to the way in which NAFTA led to a globalization and proliferation of privatized modes of capital generation outside of the parameters of its member states. - Control: One of the foundational ways in which neoliberalism has changed the social relations of the contemporary era is moving the site of violence away from disciplinary power to control. Instead of creating realities in which entire populations are forced into material appartesus for disposal, the subject is fragmented into a multitude of different environments in which their regulation is not only inducted by themselves but by the very environments for which they are situated in. This does not mean that the violence of discipline has disappeared, but rather that the central mechanism for which neoliberalism is able to dispense is violence is through that of the control society and the modulation of existence. For example, look to the way in which Michelle Alexander has articulated that the rise of biometric data has led to black populations being ‘e-carcerated’ in which their presence online is predicated on being trapped within whiteness and house arrest. - Reorganization- Race: This rapid multiplication of control has changed the foundational paradigm for which racialization operates. Instead of solely being a dialectic of whiteness and blackness, it rather creates whiteness as the center and a multiplication of processes of racialization for which are produced to control those that are framed at the periphery of whiteness. For example, look to the way in which skin whitening technologies are marketed as the ‘must have’ item for those in South and East Asia as a way for them to acceded to the normalized civilized body.  Or the way in which whiteness specifically positions brown bodies as ‘fanatically religious’ and thus always already worthy of extermination or forced secularization. - Black/White binary: In fact, neoliberalism invests within an analysis of racialization that is not attentive to this multiplication but instead only positions it as a dialectic of blackness and whiteness. The reason for which it does this is because it seeks to produce a materiality in which the increasing force of multiplication and privatization is left unchecked to continue to grow and find new avenues of market investment. In doing so, it creates the superstructural force of the black/white binary in order to keep the base of multiplication intact. This is not to say that antiblackness does not exist, but rather that it exists as part in parcel to a complex system of racialization in which all those framed out of the signification of whiteness are framed as deficient and in need of constant modulation and control.- Topic#### Part 2: Impacts- Self Alienation- Imposter Syndrome: Neoliberalism creates a reality in which if you are not white you are not truly a good consumer and thus must attempt to become one. This causes a sense of not being truly real for all those that fall outside of whiteness, and thus must do whatever is possible to become as close to white as possible. Neoliberalism deploys the black/white binary in service of this, framing all those POC that do not fit into blackness as not black and not white at the same time. This then creates a liminal position in which the constant reality of racialized violence indicates that they are not white but are framed out of analysis of racialization altogether thus causing alienation with their own lived experience. - O/W on timeframe: This outweighs on timeframe because it is constantly going on regardless of the specific material condition for which one is situated within there will be a constant state of violence as one is forced to wage war on themselves. This means absent the reality of corporeal racialized violence, while a neoliberal conception of racialization is sustain this sort of violence is absolutely inevitable and impossible to resolve. - O/W magnitude: self alienation causes the want to destroy the self because it is constructed as always already worthy of divestment. This reinforces the necropolitical function of racialization in which all those that are not white are worthy of nothing but death to reinforce the project of coherency and centralization that is white being like myself. This means that its a total project of eradication and thus will always outweigh. - Orientalism- East/West: Orientalism refers to the parceling of the east and the west into two distinct halves, in which the west is understood as the rational ‘occident’ and the east as the irrational and unknowable ‘orient.’ This racialized mapping is then coded onto those bodies that come from each, and thus all of those that lie within those territoralites of the East are marked as perpetual threats and invaders to the security of the West. For example, look to the way in which toys produced in China are framed as inherently ‘cheap,’ ‘dangerous,’ or ‘toxic’ to American children. - Investment: Neoliberal conceptions of racialization invest within orientalism through framing those that are disciplined within the orient as unknowable or mystic by virtue of not being intelligible through a dialectical understanding of race. In these sense then non-black Asian, Middle Eastern, and South American bodies become framed as incoherent and untillegible because they cannot be read through a black white binary. - O/W on magnitude: Orientalism leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy in which those actors that are constructed as constituting the orient are constructed as always already threatening and thus every action they take is thought as such. For example, the way in which any articulation of Chinese sovereignty is thought of as a direct act of war against the United States. This means that orientalism risks miscalc and nuclear war because as tensions rapidly increase even the sending off of routine military drills could be interpreted as a declaration of war. #### Part 3: Advocacy: Vote Aff to reject neoliberal conceptions of racialization and endorse a method of Racial Positionality Thesis:** **Racial positionality refers to a method of understanding the way in which racialization operates, and thus the revolutionary actions that should be taken to deconstruct such violence. Specifically, it articulates that instead of racialization occurring through a process of dialectic, its one at which whiteness is positioned at the center and all those that fall outside of the signifying project of whiteness are contextually racialized. It thus endorses a position in which we are attentive to the ways in which whiteness deploys specific violence against differential processes of racialization, instead of attempting to compress them down to singular neoliberal binary. 

#### Solvency: - Racial Positionality Solves- Superstructure: Cross apply part 1 point 2B, the primary way in which neoliberal conceptualizations of race reinforce themselves is through investment within the superstructure as a way to support the base. This positions politics as only targeting ideology and thus allows for the material conditions that deploy the inherent violence of whiteness to constantly continue. - Base focus: The advocacy is able to resolve this by instead articulating action that is able to account for the ways in which the base of racialization operates in neoliberalism. This then means that the advocacy would forward the type of material action that accurately comes to terms with the ways in which neoliberal control societies sustain a modulation of racialization and thus actually be successful in abolishing its conditions. For example, look to the way in which the internationalist project of Rojava was able to resist the intertwined racializing project of US imperialism and Turkish neoliberal fascism.  - Coalition Building- Organizing across difference: The method of the 1AC positions radical politics as not a question of sublimating to essentialist dialectics, but rather organizing across difference. This is independently key to resolve the way in which the inherent difference that exists all among people of color get homogenized into a singular representation. Racial positionality is uniquely key because it creates a contextual analysis of the way in which people of color are all specifically violently rendered disposable by whiteness and thus allows for mass coalitions against whiteness to be organized. - Empirically proven: This is empirically proven, look to the way in which the racial positionality of the Black Panther Party and their recognition of their shared experience of colonial violence with the Vietnamese caused the creation of radical coalitions with radicals like Grace Lee Boggs and Ho Chi Minh. This means that the 1AC is key in revealing the ways in which all people of color are necessarily disciplined by the violence of whiteness while still paying attention to the specific ways in which racialization deploys itself in order to not collapse back into the colonial logic of homogenization. #### Part 4: FW - Ontology comes first - Being: - Comes B4 Epist: - Comes B4: Subjectivity: - Comes B4 Tix: - Comes B4 Rules: - Affirmation- Violence: - Starting point: - Survival strats: - **ROB: **Vote for the team that best affirms ontology outside of whitenessNeg: K’s:
