---
title: "Sex Workers Aff:"
slug: "jc-sex-workers-aff"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### TW: mentions of sex work and sexual violence.Thesis:** **In the words of Pluma Flumac from the LIES collective, “WOC, poor women, and trans women doing sex work are confronted with the weight of racism, classism, and sexism at the same time as they are being told by the world that they have no self respect, that they are destructive...We are made into invisible disposable targets for violence...through the illusion that it is prostitution and not targeted violence that [kills us].”

#### Part 1: FW1. Desire comes first: Desire is a dynamic interaction between bodies that confounds the boundaries one individual and another – desire connects bodies and structures and all social interactions, the locus points of where subjectivity is made intelligible.  

- Becoming: Desire is never static, meaning that subjectivity must not be a question of being but of becoming, where a subject is coming to, where it is going, and how it is orientated towards multiplicities.- Desire is material: desire is shaped by social and historical environments and is fundamentally materialist, where materiality is not something that is corporeal, but that which is necessary to sustain life. Desire is what catalyzes what we understand life to be and how we understand it as valuable, meaning that desire is the prior question to how we understand materiality in the first place. 2. Systems of Power: Systems of power will define desire and change along lines that always reify their own authority, failing to question these deployments of desire only reproduce them as constitutive and transcendental. This means that focusing on desire first is the necessary step to break down these structures. 

- Marketing: marketing is an industry built around shaping desire for profit. Positing the body positive movement within advertising means that desire is expanded but always in service of capital. Producing desire that equates consumption to happiness also influences discussions of environmental policy and exploitative trade and labor practices. - Sexual Orientation: compulsory heterosexuality creates a hegemonic field of desire in which the only coherent paths for sexuality are towards heteronormativity, while anything that deviates from this linear path faces violent retaliation. - Sex Tourism: Look to how colonialism constructs colonized subjectivities as exotic zones of desire. Portrayals of Asian women as hypersexualized submissive playthings demonstrate the ways that colonial subjects are positioned as nothing but sexually desirable objects for consumption. 3. Affect is a weapon: Affect is how communication produces certain responses in subjects; it is how desire is communicated and articulated between bodies.

- Revolutionary affect prior to action: Understanding how subjects and desire produce certain affects for change is necessary to evaluate those claims. Gun control was first informed by anti-black affect based on desires to prevent slave revolts, and continues to produce it through policies like highway stops. This means that not engaging with the affective forces that shaped policy only leads to serial error replication. It also means there’s no policy education without an affective lens.  - Engagements with power must be critical: The Black Panthers were only successful at engaging the state because they challenged the state’s authority through a powerful revolutionary affect. This affect created politics that uncompromisingly centered the power of blackness, leading to self-armament and intersectional community solutions to state neglect.  - Prior to debate:  Procedural fairness assumes that the debate space has distinct, competing subjectivities, which can only be organized and made coherent through affect. This means that affect comes before discussions of the rules of debate because affect is the thing that shapes the subjectivity of the debaters and judges who make the rules in the first place and what debate becomes.- Role playing is bad: it internalizes the desire flows of the state and shapes your own desires along the lines of what the state desires; we must repress our own subjectivity to become the state, We can engage with the state from the outside more effectively than from the inside, because in doing so we retain the subject position and unique epistemology that can act as a challenge to the state’s epistemic hegemony - **ROB:** Vote for the team with the best revolutionary affect#### Part 2: Harms1. Sex Worker Overkill: The material realities of capitalism, anti-blackness, settler colonialism, patriarchy and transphobia create the conditions for which entire populations are forced to engage in sex work as a means of survival. These material conditions produce a flow of desire in which sex workers are nothing more than a libidinal fetish, nothing more than a sexual object to be gawked at and consumed. 

- The present: logics of productivity disciplines bodies, particularly trans, black, and indigenous, to engage with productive capital accumulation to survive, in which the only space sex workers can inhabit is one where they are commodities to be consumed. Sex work promises immediate gratification, trapping sex worker subjectivities within a endless loop of time when they can be consumed, always “on-call,” available at any moment to fulfil any desire. - The future: This frame of desire that justifies the overkill of sex workers necessitates a linear understanding of the future, naturalizing its violence through a history of life that erases sex worker subjectivities from ever existing. This temporality not only asserts itself as the constitutive force of the status quo but as deterministic of the future. This ensures that subjectivities will be underpinned under this frame of desire regardless of how material conditions may have changed.- The rupture: The only way to dismantle this violence entirely is through an affective revolutionary frame of desire, one that refuses linear time and instead endorses the liminal space that is at the heart of the material reality of sex work. This would rupture the temporal bridge between present and future that infinitely re-articulates the overkill of sex workers. 2. Debate is Sex Work: This means it’s just question of how we orient ourselves towards desire, we can engage within the paradigm that leads to the overkill of sex workers or we can orient ourselves towards it in a revolutionary sense that seeks to resolve said material conditions. 

- We are all having sex: In the abstract sex refers to a collaborate engagement between life that is bundled up within a specific production of desire. This is what debate constitutes, there are multiple frames of desire that engage our different interactions with one another. Look to how the debate community shapes desires that regulate affect such as politeness between opponents and shaking hands.- We use our bodies: Sex work is a performance of a service to fulfill particular hegemonic model of socially projected desire and is not distinct from any other form of labor where a body engages a service to produce something. This is also exactly how we use our bodies in debate, judges paradigms set up the expectations of what we should fulfill and we contort our voices, bodies, and affect in a way that correlates to that requirement. - Traditional definitions are arbitrary and harmful. Over the past 50 years, the definition has shifted from "vaginal intercourse for the purpose of reproduction" to "vaginal intercourse" to "intercourse." Even "physical touch" fails as a describing characteristic since new technologies have forced sex workers to perform on camera when thousands of miles from the client(?) - We get paid: Debate creates the cycle in which ‘debaters’ are only productive in so far as they are successful, but also that one must be successful to be valued as a body worth of consideration at all. This creates the conditions for which the only way to survive within debate is to sell yourself for the ballot, attempting to accumulate as many wins as possible to survive in a reality that continually forgets you. 3. Topic Harms: WHY RESOLUTION BAD FOR MATERIAL CONDITIONS THROUGH SYSTEMS OF POWER

- Ex: education reform, the education system within the U.S is fundamentally colonialist, produces a type of affect that justifies and used in the overkill of sex workers. Colonialism directs who is forced into material position of sex work, not only is educational system affectively tied to settler colonialism, re-education schools, structural adjustment of becoming a good citizen- Ex: the state unilaterally captures life, pointing all life to productively replicating the state. This the same as how pimps understands sex workers, who are only understood as productive forces to collect from.- Ex: re-entrenching capitalism furthers logics of productivity and the necessity of capital accumulation that forces certain bodies into sex work to survive. - Ex: Anti-Blackness, humanism, what is constituted as human and deserving of “life” logic of overkill- Ex: Trans-misogyny, same#### Part 3: Impacts1. Overkill: cross apply the entirety of the harms page, that indicates that the material realities of structures of power which we seek to dismantle, produce the conditions of overkill for sex workers. Overkill renders its targets outside of the subject object dichotomy, as the superfluous waste of society that has to be purged for society to progress, thus we consider violence against sex workers as justified, merely the presence of society’s natural entropy,  

- Outweighs on magnitude: Overkill creates the conditions at which those that are being overkilled are never included within any calculus because they do not exist. This means that every conservation, rule, impact, or alt is premised on the logic that it can only come into being once sex workers have been erased from consideration. - Outweighs on reversibility: sex work is the world’s oldest profession and yet the overkill of sex workers has been erased from the past, present and future meaning that it is an invisible yet interminable impact. Look to how historical revisionism in Japan erases comfort women from narratives of victimization in World War II, meaning that this violence is being forgotten and re-perpetuated. 2. Otherization: The material conditions of the present and future establish a dichotomy where civil society is framed around desire for lavish sexual consumption creating the necessary other, the sex worker to be consumed in order for civil society to be coherent. Look to how murder of sex workers is justified because when sex workers take payment, they become otherized commodities that consent to any violence against them, meaning that otherization is the root cause of violent lash out towards the other. 

- Outweighs on timeframe: This is a form of otherization that is constantly going on under these systems of desire. It exists within this room, our hotel rooms, and the websites that we frequent before we go to sleep. - Outweighs on Magnitude: Once life is rendered disposable than any atrocity can be justified against it. For example, leftists can decry reactionary violence yet justify the coercive violence faced everyday by sex workers as just a ‘bad choice.’ #### Part 4: Advocacy: Endorse the sex work of Jessica and I’s in the PMC by paying us with the ballot#### Solvency: 1. Body politics: By writing the advocacy text on Jessica we are able to reveal the co-constitutive nature of affect, language, and the body. While it is true that they necessarily operate in a realm of difference, they are not understood as two dichotomous structures but rather always already implicated in each other. 

- Debate implements a regime in which the body is independent of the affect, discourse, and role playing that we engage within. Normative standards for debate ignore the specific subjectivity of the sex worker, and actively forwards violence against them by overkill. The bodies of sex workers are forgotten and instead told to cover their scars. 2. It’s time to pay up: An indefinite amount of us have died in the gears of this consumptive society, it's time to get paid for the sacrifice of those who are obliterated from this room. The ballot is key in this instance. 

- Key to solve overkill: Overkill is able to constantly forward its violence because those who are being overkilled are not recognized as something that exists. Look to the way settler subjectivity is able to forward itself by continually erasing indigenous genocide through whitewashed notions of history. We resolve this by forcing debate to not only recognize that we are sex workers, but to directly pay us for this service for which we did not consent to. - Ballot key: The ballot is key because that’s the currency of debate. Those arguments that do not win are not understood as ‘good’ or ‘powerful,” this is especially true for projects. This means that our demand for the ballot is independently a reason to vote AFF regardless if we win the line by line (which we will anyway). 3. Polyvocality: Constructing voice strictly within atomized individuals is a primary method of sex worker overkill, preventing mutual understanding of suffering that underpins sex work by advertising sex workers as intimate, private consumables. Our advocacy indicates that both Jessica and I are necessarily always speaking through each other, understanding voice as something that is always channeling itself through those that you engage with and the material conditions you are situated within. We do not collapse difference, we understand the ways in which that difference is formulated by our contamination with others.

4. Intersectionality: Locuses of intersectional violence, like sex work, are necessary to solve. Only talking about concepts in the abstract, without focusing on the material ways in which intersectional locuses of violence leads to ivory tower vampirism that makes violence inevitable.
