---
title: "Transwoman Eroticism K"
slug: "jc-transwoman-eroticism-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### Thesis: Politics, and thus civil society, is formulated around a process of homogeneity; the collapsing of all difference into a universal or coherent singular representation. This then frames difference as the excess that needs to be expended or purged in order to fulfill said projects of coherence. One of the primary ways in which this operates is through static Sexuality, this frames trans folks as the excess that must be purged in order to secure the homogenous project of Sexuality. 

#### Part 1: FW- Homogeneity and Excess- Homogeneity: Politics and dominant conceptions of organization are predicated on the fascist understanding of homogeneity, in which life can only be understood as a singular coherent figure. This operates through the collapsing of difference as something that must be incorporated into the dominant force of coherency or eradicated for its failure for doing so. Examples of this can be seen in the attempt to create a figure of the ‘common man,’ representational social body, nation state, or the settler colonial projects of assimilation forwarded by the US. - Excess: Due to the fact that there will always be difference that is unable to be captured within these projects of homogeneity, it means that they will always produce excess. ‘Waste’ that is on the outside of politics coherency, unrestrained difference that both provides the negative for which coherency needs to survive and a challenge to its very existence. Because of this, that which is positioned as the excess is framed as not productive to politics and thus be purged to secure total capture and coherency. Examples of this are in the mass police killing of trans women of color because they refused to be captured within the figure of transnormativity. - Gender: Modernity is predicated on producing the sexed body, the male and female, as the progenitor of life and thus is secured by Gender. Gender not as an affective investment, but rather a structure that forces bodies into binding gendered subjectivities of male and female based on gendered signifiers. Gender is a project of homogenization because it forces life into only expressing itself in dual static subject positions, with anything else being framed as an abomination. This structure then produces transness as the excess that must be purged in order for cisnormativity to secure Gender and consequently the totality of modernity. - Sexuality and Eroticism: One of the primary ways that Gender imposes its project of homogeneity is through that of sexuality. This reveals the fundamental difference between sexuality and eroticism, whereas sexuality refers to a specific scripting of desire in an attempt to make bodies productive, eroticism is all that desire that cannot be made productive. The waste of the sexual. - Sexuality: Sexuality refers to the collecting of desires into coherent scripts, heterosexuality, homosexuality, etc. It refers to the process of attempting to create determinacy for the fundamental indeterminate nature of how desire functions, to create frames for which we can predict how desire will necessarily travel. This is always a process of homogeneity because it seeks to stabilize desire around complete objects, and in doing so, impose a type of productivity onto bodies. That we are always moving forwards towards the goal of loving, having sex with, or engaging with those that have been made out to be our determinate sites of attraction. This reinforces the central tennent of western metaphysics in which there is always something a-priori to be found, in which below the unknowability of desire there is something prior that dictates its direction that can always be understood. - Eroticism: Eroticism on the other hand refers to that desire that cannot be captured within dominant frames of sexuality, but rather is discarded as the waste to the coherence of sexuality. Those desires who have been framed as deviant to Gender’s project of homogeneity, and thus will always be framed on the outside of the scripts for desire that sexuality prescribes. For example, the way in which trans women are framed as always already on the margins of lesbianism for being ‘men’ and only consumable by gay men as a reaffirmation of their gayness. This produces trans women as the excess that cannot neatly be fit into sexuality, and thus must be sacrificed to secure their projects. Eroticism describes those process of desire, like radical affirmation of trans joy, that embrace that excess. - **ROB:** Vote for the team that best deconstructs scripts of sexuality#### Part 2: Links- Naturalizes Sexuality - Naturalization: While it is abosolutely true that sexuality exists, it exists merely as a structure of desire that is enforced by systems of antiblackness, colonialism, heteronormativity, and Gender. These are scripts that mandate a description of what the body is, and what the body will always be oriented towards, and in doing so forward the violence of homogeneity that will always leave trans women as excess to be consumed or eradicated by sexuality. One of the foundational ways in which this transmisogynistic violence manifests itself is though justifying itself as being ‘natural’ and thus always already how the world operates. For example, the way in which we retroactively gender non-human animals as a way to frame the project of Gender and sexuality as a ‘natural’ part of the biotic world. - 1AC: There is a difference between recognizing that these systems exist and neutralizing them as that which should exist. For example, the difference between saying that capitalism does exist now and that capitalism will always exist. The 1AC does this with sexuality through [x]. - Humanism- Ontology: Humanism refers to a particular ontology in which life is compressed down to being composite of the ‘human.’ This is always a project of homogeneity because it seeks to reduce the virtual possibilities of the difference of life into the coherence of a being; the human. Humanism always reinforces Gender’s project of sexuality because part in parcel to what conceptualizes a human is the sexing of the body. For example, a fetus only becomes intelligible as a ‘human child’ once it has been coercively assigned a gender and its genitalia have been sexed with a gendered subjectivity. This creates the complete object, genders, for which the logic of sexuality chains desire to always already be oriented towards. - 1AC: The 1AC forwards humanism though [x]. - Utility- Productivity: Utility is the logic that something is only measured and understood based on its ability to be instrumentalized. In essence, something can only be understood if it is productive to civil societies project of homogeneity. This describes the opposite condition of waste, and thus because waste is the excess that needs to be discarded in order to create homogeneity, utility is created as that which is inscribed with the ‘good’ in order to create another level of justification for the creation of excess. For example, look to the way in which dogs only become worthy of protection if they are indexed into the project of the family, once they become stray they are automatically worthy of death or imprisonment. - Gender: Utility is one of the central logics that Gender utilizes in order to create the conditions for which trans people are rendered disposable. For example, the gendered subjectivity of woman is semiotized around the possibility to give birth and be productive in the constant reproduction of the labor force and the capitalistic future. Trans women are obliterated from this because we are not considered having the possibility of being productive to be reproductive and thus are rendered excess. - 1AC: the 1AC is trapped within the logics of utility through [x] #### Part 3: Impacts- Transmisogyny- Violence: Cross apply part 1 point 1A, the structuring of politics around the homogeneity of Gender leads to the framing of trans women as the excess of cis womanhood and thus as always already worthy of eradication. - Lynchpin: The way in which Gender’s project of homogeneity coallesses around trans women is by coercively assigning them male at birth as a way to collapse their becomings into the coherency assigned by genital signifiers. This serves as the basis for all transmisogynistic violence because it dually frames trans women as ‘monsters’ denying the ‘truth’ of Gender, and imposes a structure in which their life is constantly killed in favor of imprisonment within manhood. - O/w on time and mag: This operates as a form of otherization which outweighs on timeframe and magnitude because it’s constantly going on unders systems of transmisogyny and once life becomes disposable then any atrocity can be justified against it. - Overkill: Independently this outweighs because it is a process of overkill. Transmisogyny seeks not to marginalize trans women but rather to eradicate them from history entirely, to create a project of modernity in which trans women are non-existent in our readings of life processes and organization. This is due to the fact that Gender does not require the other, trans folks, to sustain its power, but rather is a project of disappearance. Marginalization is just one step in the process of complete and total necropolitical overkill. #### Alt: Vote negative to reject the PMC’s project of Homogeneity and endorse a method of the Transwoman Erotic **Thesis: **The transwoman erotic describes not a singular script of desire, but rather an assemblage that constitutes the way in which transwomen navigate homogenous society. The solar anus as a lesbian act, the penis as an act of womanhood, refusal to be stabilized into desire oriented towards a singular being. Instead of premising politics off of the perpetual project of violence that constitutes Sexuality, we defend prioritizing that desire which has been framed as the excess or the useless ‘waste.’ Instead of starting from a premise in which trans folks have to be indexed into scripts of sexuality, we recognize our incongruence with their violence and start with that radical rejection as a first starting point. 

#### Solvency:- Alt solves- Exhaustion: - Trans Kinship: - Rev fields of desire: - Solves aff - No perms
