---
title: "Trans Spatiality K:"
slug: "jc-trans-spatiality-k"
type: "brief"
playbook: "jc"
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_ks: []
---

#### Part 1: FW- Life is inorganic - Biologization: The dominant way in which life is conceived is through biologization; trapped within the referents of the organism and the established processes of biology. This conception of life traps it within the organic, in that which is alive can only be an organism and an organism can only be organic. Look to the way in which AI is not constructed as ‘life’ but rather technology, whereas the human being is constructed as being alive. - Assemblages: This is an incorrect way to understand life, quantum physics proves this. Rather than expressing itself in a singular way, the particles that make up life are indeterminate, they have no a-priori foundation within a organism but rather are constantly changing based on the relations they form and break away from. This means that life should be understood as being produced through assemblages, through the horizontal relationality for which everything is situated in is what produces life. Thus, instead of understanding the statue and viewer as a question of a life onlooking an artificial, it would be understood as the relationality between such figures produces a type of life. - Violence: Conceptualizing life through biologization is fundamentally violent in that it seeks to stabilize the constant becoming that is endemic to life into a singular expression; a being. Instead of expressing life as indeterminate, it constructs it as determinate, it will always be a-priori understandable based off of what genus it has. This operates as form of violent compression in which the possibilities of life are cut off in favor of a singular expression that is molded by the dominant order. Look to the way in which bodily becoming is compressed into Gendered subjectivity through coercively assigning it a gender at birth. - Spatiality comes first: Spatiality refers to conceptions of space, and the way in which that space impacts those that are situated within it. 

- No Truth to power: There is no inherent truth to power, but rather meaning that is constantly being generated based on the contexts for which it is situated within. Look to the way in which leeching was thought to be a medically ‘true’ way to cure disease but then that was discarded as the material conditions of medicine evolved. These processes of meaning making take place within a multitude of spaces and thus an analysis of what space looks like and how it operates is a prior question. - Bodies: The body is a space, it is a space that we embody and a space that is constantly producing relations vis a vis engagement with other spaces at every moment. Due to this fact, it means that spatiality must come before policy action because every policy we take is premised off of some conception of how the space of the body is formulated. Look to the way in which neoliberal transmedicalist policy is predicated off of an understanding of there being some essential essence that ‘inhabits’ the body. - Interrogation: Absent an interrogation of spatiality as a prior question it allows for systems of violence that are deeply invested in producing conceptions of space to re-justify themselves in the logic of naturalism; that they just inherently exist and always will exist. Look to the way in which settler colonialism is able to produce the spatial relations of stolen land and nation states as the only ‘realistic’ way of organizing and producing international relations. - **ROB:** vote for the team that best spatially allows for the production of inorganic life #### Part 2: Links - Space is static- Staticity: Constructing space as static understands it as something that is always already belonging, controlled, or meaning a particular thing. This is a process of territorialization, in which land is signified with meaning produced by dominant orders, and then retroactively justified as only ever having the possibility of being understood as such. Look to the way in which the vast expression of genital space is territorialized by the signifiers of ‘penis’ and ‘vagina’ and then justified as ‘natural’ through the process of gendered subjectification that is inherently tied to such process. - The 1AC: The 1AC does conceptualizes forwards a static conception of space through [x]. - Prohibits inorganic life: Static conceptions of space destroy the production of inorganic life because they destroy the possibility of assemblages being maintained. Instead of understanding space as something that is constantly mutating based on the contaminations of all of those situated within it, it hegemonically imposes a singular meaning onto space itself thus destroying the indeterminacy of inorganic life with the determinacy of western metaphysics. That every space has an ‘inherent’ meaning just waiting to be uncovered and understood. - Sexing the body - Biologization - Orientalism - Colonial desire #### Part 3: Impacts - Overcoding - Transmisogyny #### Alt: Vote neg to reject the 1AC’s spatial control of life and endorse the body as an assemblage of tools**Thesis: **

#### Solvency: - Alt solves, reconfigures space - Produces inorganic life- Solves aff - No perms
